JUHEL NIGERIA LIMITED is located at Emene in Enugu, capital of Enugu State, Nigeria. It is a 100% indigenous company incorporated in 1987 with RC: 104648 as a wholesale pharmaceutical company. In answer to calls for local provision of cost-effective generic products to fill the gap left by multinational companies operating in the country; the founder, Dr. Ifeanyi Okoye, mni, with a focused vision, ventured into production, and the factory was commission in 1989 as the first pharmaceutical tablet manufacturing company in old Anambra State.

Today, by the Grace of God, and due diligence, dedication, commitment to excellence of staff and management, and support from numerous customers nationwide, the company is ranked as one of the fastest growing pharmaceutical manufacturing companies in Nigeria.

With over a hundred registered regulated products, our brand and product range have since grown in strength and including virtually all therapeutic classes, such as antibiotics and anti-infective, cardiovascular, anti-diabetics, anti-malarial, cough and cold, vitamins and minerals. Anxiolytics, antihistamines, analgesics, antacids and anti-flatulent and recently, bottles mineral water (Ivy Table Water), intravenous infusions and parenterals.

JUHEL NIGERIA LIMITED’s strong management team comprises of accomplished professionals who have excelled in both their academic and professional career. The team leader is Dr. Ifeanyi Okoye, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, a Ph.D holder in pharmaceutical technology, a member of the National Institute, mni and a fellow of the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria, FPSN.

The company maintains high quality standard in all its operations. With high production capacity, the policy thrust is to continue to provide cost-effective, affordable, local alternatives of life saving drugs to the teeming population. There is always our company representatives nearer to you, as you are guaranteed good service delivery at your doorsteps. 

The company at present services the needs of the countries of the West Africa sub-region and is poised to reach out to more countries in Africa and beyond. Production capacity for contract manufacturing for individuals, corporate bodies, government and non-governmental agencies is available, and we look forward to going into partnership in achieving our common goals.

JUHEL NIGERIA LIMITED is also in the downstream petroleum product marketing.
